Autoscaling Docs (#6500)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: docs-gb/scaling/core-autoscaling-models.md

- **Scale Down**: When using Model autoscaling that is managed by Seldon Core, model scale down events are triggered if a model has not been used for a number of seconds. This is defined in `SELDON_MODEL_INACTIVE_SECONDS_THRESHOLD` inference server environment variable.

- **Rate of metrics calculation**: Each agent checks the above stats periodically and if any model hits the corresponding threshold, then the agent sends an event to the scheduler to request model scaling. How often this process executes can be defined via `SELDON_SCALING_STATS_PERIOD_SECONDS` inference server environment variable.

Based on the logic above, the scheduler will trigger model autoscaling if:
* The model is stable (no state change in the last 5 minutes) and available.
* The desired number of replicas is within range. Note we always have a least 1 replica of any deployed model and we rely on over commit to reduce the resources used further.

> * For scaling up, there is enough capacity for the new model replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For scaling up the model when autoscaling of the Servers is *not* set up, trigger the scale-up only if there are sufficient server replicas that can load the new model replicas.
```
